The Joe Rogan experience. You know, look, I, I'm kind of all for that. I mean,
I I've seen this with politicians on the campaign trail.
Like they are so tight now in ways that they used to not be, well,
you saw the Donald Trump thing, Donald Trump Jr. Where Trump junior was.
They didn't want him to do, they want him to do a Q and a, and he didn't do it.
So they, they booed him the right wing people, Uhhuh were booing 'em,
they're yelling out Q and a Q and a cuz they wanted to be able to talk. Oh,
I see. They wanted to be able to say something to him.
And these were people that were like far right. Mm-hmm <affirmative> far right.
People, they just didn't think he was being right enough.
Or he was playing the game wrong or he wasn't,
wasn't letting them complain to him. Right, right. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's bad.
And, and, and politicians are, are, are aware of that now. And they're,
they're constantly aware that they're, they're on film everywhere.
And so they're, you know,
a thousand percent less interesting because they're they're, I mean,
I remember recovering campaign in 2004 and I was,
I saw Dennis Guin give us beat somewhere. And he was going from, I think,
Maine to New Hampshire. And I said, well,
can I get a bride back to New Hampshire? He's like, yeah, sure. So he, you know,
takes me on the, the van. He like takes his shoes off.
He's like cracking jokes and everything.
And like eating UON noodles or something,
political candidates would not do that now. Right.
They'd be afraid to be off the record with you. Right. You know? Right. Or, and,
and they, they're afraid to be around people and just behave like people,
you know, uh, which is, is not good.
I don't think it's the weirdest time ever to be a politician because it's,
it's basically, you've got this one guy who made it through being
hugely flawed. Mm-hmm <affirmative> and just going, ah, locker room talk.
And everyone's like, well, yeah, it is locker room talk, I guess.
And then it works and he gets through and he wins.
And so you've got him who seem, he's like, he's so greasy,
like nothing sticks to him.
And then you have everyone else who's terrified of any slight misstep. Yeah,
totally. And, and you can't replicate the way Trump does this, you know,
Trump, Trump is, he was born this way.
There's like a thing going on in his head. Like he is, you know,
pathologically driven to behave in a certain way.
And he's not gonna be cowed by the way, you know,
people are of a social media cuz he just doesn't think that way. No,
you know he's and, but that's no one else is gonna behave like that.
What do you think about him and speed. What do you think about all that?
Does he take speed? You mean? Yeah. So did you ever see his speech after
super Tuesday? Mm-hmm <affirmative> yeah. That's the one we was slurry. He oh,
was that, that was the one he was ramped up. He was very, I, I,
I just say watch that speech, you know, we're,
we're not supposed to draw conclusions about,
but you know what might be going on pharmaceutically with somebody.
But I would say just watch Donald Trump's performance after the results of
the super Tuesday rolled in 2016, let's hear some of that.
First of all, the Christie is hilarious. Watch Tillary speech.
And she's talking about wages,
I've been poor and everything's poor and everything's doing badly,
but we're gonna make it. She's been there for so long. I mean,
if she hasn't straightened it out by now,
she's not gonna straighten it out in the next four years.
It's just gonna become worse and worse. She wants to make America whole again.
And I'm trying to figure out what is that all about? Is.
It, yeah. I mean, it just, I have to go back and look, but yeah, but he, he,
he went on and on also the, the,
the Christie factor was really funny with that because he was looking at,
he's just sitting back there going, what am I doing?
<laugh> what am I doing with my life? Look at his face.
Literally he could see his, his brain wander. Well, how the did this happen?
I was gonna be the man. Like I was the president.
It was gonna happen for me. I could see it happening. I saw him in, uh,
in Ames, Iowa, um, basically standing alone in the park,
waiting for people to try to shake his hand, you know? Yeah. It was pretty bad.
Like you see that and, but yeah. Do you have a theory about Trump and speed?
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I think he's on some stuff.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> I think first of all, I know.
So all many journalists that are on speed.
I know so many people that are on Adderall mm-hmm <affirmative> and it's very
effective. Mm-hmm <affirmative> it gives you confidence.
It gives you a delusional perspective.
Like you get a delusional state of confidence.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> it makes people think they can do anything.
It's basically a low level meth.
It's very similar to methamphetamine chemically. Yeah, sure. And people it,
yeah. <laugh> what is, tell me what it's like. Cause I haven't done it. Yeah.
I mean, I have done speed too. I mean, you know, all, all those,
all those drugs are. Yeah. They're they're like baby, baby speed, basically.
Yeah. You know, and you're, you're absolutely right. I think people who,
it's not good for a writer because writing is one of these things where
one of the most important things is being able to step by and, and,
and ask am I really, am I full of here? You know,
are my jokes as funny as I think they are like, right.
If once that mechanism starts to go wrong, uh, you know,
you're really lost as a writer, right. Because you,
you're not in front of an audience you're with yourself in front of a computer.
So, um, I don't think, I don't think speed is a great drug. I mean,
you get a lot of stuff done. Um, so that's, that's good. But,
uh, but yeah, no, I think there's a lot of people who are on it now. And,
and also a lot of it's because kids come up through school and they're on it
too. Yes. You know? And they, they get used to it. So I, you know, I have kids,
I wouldn't dream of giving, giving them any of those drugs, you know?
I think it's crazy. Yeah. I did too. Did you, you saw the,
I'm sure you saw the Sudafed picture too, right? No. What was that?
Trump was sitting in his office eating a,
it was that famous photo where he is like,
I love Hispanics where he is eating a, uh, taco bowl <laugh> and Trump tower.
And behind him, there's an open drawer.
And in that open drawer is boxes of Sudafed and, um,
Sudafed to February. It gives you, yeah. I mean, you, it gives you a,
a low level buzz. And the, the th I mean,
this is why I used to have to go to, uh, CVS to buy this stuff.
You used to have to give your driver's, I guess you still do.
You have to give your driver's license cuz they wanna make sure you're not
cooking meth and you're buying like 10 boxes of it at a time and cooking up a
batch. Yeah. If you're like in a,
in a holler in Kentucky and you go in and get 2020 boxes of Sudafed,
I think pretty much people know what you're doing there. Yeah.
That's really funny. Did he, so he had a bunch of Sudafed behind him. Yes. Yeah.
In his box. And you know, there was that one order that, uh,
what was that guy's name again? Who had a, a whole,
he wrote a series of tweets, which he eventually wound up taking down,
by the way, Jamie, I can't find those tweets. Um, he wrote, uh,
a series of tweets that there was, uh, very specific Dwayne Reed pharmacy,
where Trump got, uh, amphetamines for, uh,
something that was quotes called metabolic disorder. Kurt EALD fun fact.
Oh Kurt. Yeah. 1982. Trump started taking amphetamine derivatives, abused them.
Only supposed to take two for 25 days. Stayed on it for eight years. Really.
Now is he full? So yeah,
Kurt EALD is an interesting,
because he's written some really good books about finance. I, um, he wrote,
he wrote a book about Enron. He wrote a book about, um, uh, Prudential.
It was real, really good. Uh,
and when I was starting out writing about wall street, I was like, wow,
these books are really incredibly well researched, but he had some stuff in the,
uh,
in 2016 where like that's an ample of something
as a reporter. I see that I'm like, well, where's that coming from? You know?
And cuz you, you, in journalism, you can't really, uh,
accuse somebody of certain things unless it's backed up to the nth degree.
So right. He had a couple of things that I, that I, you know,
would be concerned about these,
he took a leap mm-hmm <affirmative> I don't know. I mean look,
but that's what I'm saying.
Stepped outside of the journalistic boundaries of what you can absolutely prove
and not prove and took a leap.
And that's why I think he took down the Dway Reed pharmacy.
He didn't take it down still. Oh, it's still there as well. There,
there was an oh, okay. There it is. There was another thing about a, um,
oh, he's got the milligrams per day. Wow. Where is this from?
I don't know. It's show it or anything,
but I believe he drug is got a copy of it from someone or he talked to the
doctor or drug was dith Propan 75 milligrams a day prescription filled Dwayne
Reed on 57th street. Manhattan. Not that I know things. So, you know,
he's got the doctor's name too. There you go. Dr. Joseph Greenberg. I, uh,
counted with medical records. Oh.
House admitted to me only a short time for diet that he took it when he was not
overweight. Oh, okay. And that's fine. He says, I counted with medical records.
They cut me off. Wow. Yeah. I mean, you know,
one thing I will say is that when you're,
when you're covering stories sometimes, um, you hear things and, and you know,
they're pretty solid, but you put you,
it's not quite reportable cause the person won't put their name on it or you
know, you're not a hundred percent sure that the document is a real document.
Maybe it's a photocopy. And that, that can be very, very tough for reporters.
Cause they know something's true, but they, they, they can't right. They can't,
and, and social media has eliminated a barrier that we used to have.
We used to have to go through editors and fact checkers. And now, you know,
you're on Twitter. You can just kind of, you know, right, right.
Or you can hint at something, you know? And I, I, I think that's,
that's something you don't want to get into as, as a reporter too much,
you know? Yeah. That's a weird use of social media.
It's like sort of a slippery escape from journalistic rules.
Yeah, exactly. Yeah. You know, or, or you can,
you can insinuate that somebody did X, Y, and Z, or you can, you,
you can use terms that are a little bit sloppy, like, you know, again, like,
but it seems like they did admit that he took that stuff for diet. Yeah.
So if you have the, the white house, you know, spokesperson saying that they,
he took it for a short time for a diet, then you find that's a reportable story,
right? Yeah. Yeah. Well, I think when people get into that,
it's very hard for them to get outta that. Mm-hmm, <affirmative>, that's uh,
the, the speed train and I've seen many people hop on it.
It's got a lot of stops. <laugh> nobody seems to get off. Yeah. Not,
not out with their teeth intact, right? Yeah. No, it's, uh, that's,
that's not a good, good way to awesome. He's so old. He's so old.
He doesn't exercise, he eats fast food and he's got so much energy. I am.
I mean, people wanna think he's this super person, you know,
but maybe he's on speed maybe. Yeah.
Maybe he's just gonna collapse turnover and collapse one day or not.
Maybe you can go a lot longer on speed than people think.
Maybe if you just do it the right way,
but isn't that kind of the way history always works. It's like, again,
not to go back to the Russia thing,
but all the various terrible leaders of Russia,
like they all died of natural causes when they were 85. Right.
Mm-hmm <affirmative> whereas, you know, in,
in a country where people get murdered and died of industrial accidents and bad
health when they're, you know, 30 all the time. Right, right.
But the worst people in the country make it to very old age and, and you know,
and die in their alcoholics. And, and maybe that's a thing, right. Maybe, maybe,
you know, he has the worst diet in the world and maybe he's on speed.
And maybe it's also your perception of how you interface with the world.
Maybe because he is not this introspective guy.
That's really worried about how people see him and feel about him.
Maybe he doesn't feel, you know, whether,
whether it's sociopathy or whatever it is.
He doesn't feel the bad feelings they don't get in there. Yeah. And the,
he doesn't have the, the stress impact. Right. Right.
And that's the thing about speed. Apparently it,
because of the fact that it makes you feel the illusional and it makes you feel
like you're the man,
like you don't worry about what other people think losers who cares. Right,
right. Yeah, exactly. Let's buy Greenland <laugh> you.